hi youtube's me at least I just when I
come to you guys today I'm just talking
about I'm lipsticks I just started like
recently getting into lipsticks a
semester and mainly because I just
wanted to try something new and I've
always used mac nudes like bow and oh
baby like I always use those two lips
liquors or I don't know what the heck
they're called but I used those to buy
mac all the time so I just you know like
decided to go into walmart one day after
class and 1k i'll just pick up three
lipsticks just randomly just pick them
up of course i did some research on
youtube so i picked up these three one
is called nearly there on the mob and
warm me up and these are and this is
what they all look like and yeah so um
I've been using a mainly warming up and
nearly there I really like warm me up
because it's more of a is more of a new
just like a multi nude but is like a
pink kind of Bay just kind of I guess it
could run on the nude side but is not
really and then I really like nearly
there a lot too because it complements
the blush that i use and my blush is the
msf called up I think gentle anyways um
here are swatches of all three of them
the Mott the mob one that mob one is
right there the next one is the nearly
there and the one above is called
warming up the nearly there in the warm
me up the two pink ones they're pretty
much almost the same it's just that I'm
nearly there's a little bit Pinker and
warm me up is a little bit deeper out of
the two more of it every day is warm me
up because it's a little bit darker to
make these two colors work though like
if you wear them by themselves that
they're a little too pink for my skin
tone so to make it look a little bit
more blended i use on this lip pencil by
matt called hover just a straight-up lip
pencil and i'm using this lip pencil
with these two colors works very well
like i use the lip pencil first and then
equal
sick and it works the color on the mob I
haven't used it yet because I'm kind of
scared of it because if you look at it
it's very purple and for something who
just like just started you know wearing
lipstick it's kind of scary you know
like is normally I use it like in my
everyday makeup routine I I wear a lot
of like bright colors sometimes over
like Purple's greens smokey eyes extreme
smoking your eyes like because I'm into
like makeup and stuff and I really like
that and I never liked my lips to
compete with my eyes that's why I always
opt to wear a lot of neutrals all the
time so I'm like we're in these
lipsticks is really a challenge my
makeup routine like it that if I were to
wear like this color I have to really
think of something super neutral and
neutral eye looks are not a huge
favorite of mine to do but anyways um I
guess I'll probably use it on one
occasion maybe for like an orchestra
concert or something but so far I
haven't really found the right occasion
to wear it um it's seriously is it it's
purple like I don't know if you can see
it on camera but it is purple yeah um
also mr I think I don't know if I said
this yet but I got this umm pocket
rocket by urban decay and all it is is
just a lip gloss is a very very very
thick thick lip gloss not sticky is this
very thick is sheer it's a very good
though like um this is the color I don't
know if you can see that it's like a
like a brick red like I'm kind of like
trying to get into the Reds and stuff
like now necessarily pulling out mom was
lipstick weren't more than that red but
um I guess I'm kind of like gradually
trying to bring myself there to wearing
a lipstick red lipstick one day in
I guess this is the closest I'm going to
get for right now because I'm so used to
wearing glasses and stuff so I picked
this up and this is what they suggested
and this is what I also i suggested
myself so um I like it so far I don't
wear this everyday i were with certain
outfits like it's not like a lipstick
that you can just like well it's not
really a lipstick a lip gloss you just
wear if anything you know but other than
that I really really like it and out of
that like I really like the lipsticks
and stuff like so far like I like
lipstick like I don't necessarily like
we're like a lipstick every day I'm kind
of like of course not because I'm used
to the news over a lot of new lipsticks
but other than that it's a good star for
now if anybody has like any suggestions
that I could that I can possibly go out
and buy whether it's high in or low in
just just tell me if anybody's even
watching this anyways um I guess thank
ya and I'll see you guys later